[ENH] Permutation Plot: Add widget (#6762)
biolab/orange3: doc/visual-programming/source/widgets/evaluate/permutationplot.md

Permutation Plot
================

Check the validity and the degree of overfit for the input learner.

**Inputs**

- Data: input dataset
- Learner: learning algorithm

![](images/Permutation-Plot-stamped.png)

1. Select the number of permutation. The target variable is randomly permuted and separate learners are fitted to all the permuted y-variables.
2. Information on the model performance.
3. Get help, save the plot, make the report, set plot properties.
4. Observe the size and type of inputs.

> The Permutation plot displays the correlation coefficient between the original y-variable and the permuted y-variable on the x-axis versus the cumulative R2/AUC on the y-axis, and draws a regression line. The intercept is a measure of the overfit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Permutation plot displays the Spearman's rank correlation coefficient between the permuted and original target variable on the x-axis versus the model score (R2 for regression, AUC for classification) on the y-axis. Two sets of points are shown, one for evaluations on the training data and one for cross-validation. A regression line is fitted to each set of points. The intercept is a measure of the overfit. 
```
